-: Welcome back.
In this section,
we are going to deal with microservices
and deploying those microservices on EKS cluster.
So, what are these microservices?
So let's get a very high level overview
about what are these microservices,
and then we'll move on with the example
and then deployments.
So, microservices, also known as
the microservice architecture.
It is an architectural style
that structures an application
as a collection of services,
that are highly maintainable,
and testable.
So, they are loosely coupled,
independently deployable,
and organize their own business capabilities,
and owned by a small team.
Each microservice can be owned by a small team.
So, let's see the benefits
with this microservices architecture
and then what all additional,
available the things also
we are going to get,
based on microservices.
So, from developer perspective
it is going to be a developer independence.
So, small teams work in parallel
and can iterate faster than larger teams.
Isolation and then resilience.
So if a component dies, we spin up another
while and the rest of the application
continues to function.
And scalability.
Smaller components take up fewer resources
and can be scaled to meet increasing demand
of that component only.
So that is one important benefit for us.
Life cycle automation.
Individual components are easier to fit
into continuous delivery pipelines
and complex deployment scenarios.
Not possible with the monoliths.
Relationship to the business.
So microservices architecture
are split along business domain boundaries,
increasing independence,
and then understanding across the organization.
In our next lecture, we are going to take an example
of microservices and then implement it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.